contributions-legal/gnu-emacs-fsf-copyright-assignment.md, before:

# Assign Copyright to FSF for GNU EMACS

RT:1786304

## General

See:
- https://www.gnu.org/licenses/why-assign.html
- https://www.gnu.org/prep/maintain/html_node/Copyright-Papers.html

### FORM FOR PAST AND FUTURE CHANGES
 
- Form used: https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/gnulib.git/tree/doc/Copyright/request-assign.future
- Submitted request: Dec 9, 2021 - assign@gnu.org
- Submitted signed pdf: Dec 14, 2021
- Counter signed: Dec 15, 2021
- Received counter signed pfd: Dec 21, 2021

## Contributed

### [nano-modeline](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline)
- [Fix funcall nano-modeline-user-mode #17](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/17) -> [a216375bc03016c5425a85d5f8a1c0781af17725](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/commit/a216375bc03016c5425a85d5f8a1c0781af17725)
- [Allow additional space to be customised #18](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/18)
- [available width works with :box #19](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/19)
- [spacer elements in modeline should also get a face #23](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/23)
- [make available modelines more dynamic #25](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/25)

### [which-key](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key)
- [add which-key-min-column-description-width #328](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key/pull/328)
- [add which-key-elipsis #329](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key/pull/329)
- [add which-key-description-abbreviations #330](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key/pull/330)

Commit message:

https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/27

contributions-legal/gnu-emacs-fsf-copyright-assignment.md, after:

# Assign Copyright to FSF for GNU EMACS

RT:1786304

## General

See:
- https://www.gnu.org/licenses/why-assign.html
- https://www.gnu.org/prep/maintain/html_node/Copyright-Papers.html

### FORM FOR PAST AND FUTURE CHANGES
 
- Form used: https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/gnulib.git/tree/doc/Copyright/request-assign.future
- Submitted request: Dec 9, 2021 - assign@gnu.org
- Submitted signed pdf: Dec 14, 2021
- Counter signed: Dec 15, 2021
- Received counter signed pfd: Dec 21, 2021

## Contributed

### [nano-modeline](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline)
- [Fix funcall nano-modeline-user-mode #17](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/17) -> [a216375bc03016c5425a85d5f8a1c0781af17725](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/commit/a216375bc03016c5425a85d5f8a1c0781af17725)
- [Allow additional space to be customised #18](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/18)
- [available width works with :box #19](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/19)
- [spacer elements in modeline should also get a face #23](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/23)
- [make available modelines more dynamic #25](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/25)
- [in default modeline, buffername is more important as mode-name #27](https://github.com/rougier/nano-modeline/pull/27)

### [which-key](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key)
- [add which-key-min-column-description-width #328](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key/pull/328)
- [add which-key-elipsis #329](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key/pull/329)
- [add which-key-description-abbreviations #330](https://github.com/justbur/emacs-which-key/pull/330)
